## correlate PRDM9 expression with PRDM9-binding
1. used PRDM9-bound peaks to represent PRDM9 binding
2. will use fimo output to represent PRDM9 binding later
3. just 25% samples have PRDM9 expression (7% samples don't have RNA-seq data)

wilcoxon test pairwise 
boxplot （express PRDM9 and not express）
peak score 
## choose COAD to study PRDM9 expression, PRDM9 binding and mutations
1. not noticeable relationship just by looking with eyes
## tweak parameters of `peakRecall.py`
1. can recover more than 99% reproducible peaks for each type of cancer
2. merge technical replicates by make a union instead of intersect

google peak scire

**cancer type-specific analysis**

For example, do they have different numbers of inferred PRDM9 binding sites (based on your FIMO calls)?

And are they similar with respect to which PRDM9 sites are active? If so, you could group the PRDM9 sites from those samples, and then do a permuation test based on those groups. Those would be the "strong" PRDM9 sites that are found across samples that express PRDM9.

Also, it would be good to look at structural variant "burden" in those cancers. This could be done genome-wide or near PRDM9 binding sites only. For that, you could use the permutations to plot the local Z-scores near PRDM9 sites.

Mostly, I think it would be good to do more of a comparison of PRDM9 binding between cancer types and samples at this point, before you dive any deeper into doing more permutations. (Since that takes a lot of time, and you don't want to do this with too many files too many times...).
<!--stackedit_data:
eyJoaXN0b3J5IjpbMTQxMDAyNjAwMSwxNjM4MjI2NDk5LDEzMz
k2NDk1MTIsLTE1MTQ3MzEzNjAsLTE4NzUwNzAzNF19
-->